everybody welcome back northern land
places binding buddy a trip plus we
should do a great ear I mean I can put
on airs all day but the greedy runs have
gotta happen at some point you know we
can use Allosaurus I could also use an
acquiescence of Twitter here cuz I don't
care about the bloomberg news what does
the tax cut mean for Silicon Valley
businesses they even just saying it puts
me in the Tom Waits voice I had so many
tax cuts I think I need a tax band-aid
what's cool is Aris I'm ready um we
messed up our hour last night it was a
keeper run didn't necessarily go that
well but any we did okay cause 7c 3 are
0 I I'm a little stunned that we died on
that run despite having like infinity HP
on the final boss but there on the room
which we died that's how the cookie
crumbles sometimes you might as well
take equality right it's like you get
doubled consumable drops as long as you
have an equal number of consumables
which we immediately threw away might as
well check this cuz we want to like
eventually lose our lives as Lazarus to
begin with is double the way we'll hold
up because I'm thinking about this and
I'm thinking about those beans well
that's already doubled consumable so I
think actually equality is now worth
nothing but up until that's hey don't
take that out of context though let's
try this an could be worse bad but it
could be worse let's let's get this
taken care of um because what I was
thinking is that all coins should be
doubled like by default now but
apparently that's not how that works so
I mean I guess I'm gonna try something
I'm gonna trip well no it doesn't make
any sense like I'm trying to run through
the math in my head I'm like well just
don't pick up any coins and then buy a
bomb and a key for as many as you need
to buy to get yourself up to like an
equal level of each and I'm okay but how
am I gonna do that if I don't pick up
any coins what I'm gonna buy it with my
credit card
doesn't make any dang sense play
equality is like a really good trinket
but it's
like the effect is really good but did
you say worth the squeeze mostly the
time like early in the game if you have
zero or one of everything sure but like
apart from that we kind of approach a
ridiculous level not to mention that if
it doubles your consumables every time
you pick up a consumable it's going to
put you further away from that equality
standpoint so not saying it's bad even
though I just said the juice ain't worth
the squeeze it's just like it's it's way
too finicky to enable for the most part
it's one of those ones where you like
doesn't make any sense
just it's it's too tough to fit it into
the the average North American workday
you know so we'll look to replace it if
we ever get to the point like we want to
have like you know sometimes thirty
cents if we can have 30 cents thirty
bombs and thirty keys sign me up
think my odds are relatively low of
making that happen on the regular I
could be wrong dude who is ripping up
this keytar solo because it is crushing
it um excuse me sir use me for the
second time my friend I do not allow
this and I would prefer if you could
just acquiesce for the moment we're
gonna have eight cents plus four we're
gonna have 12 cents we don't need to buy
a key so we'll probably just gonna step
on the next wave we do want to die as
Lazarus but I think you can greed or
greedy or for that matter you pretty
much just want to wait until the first
deal with the devil to do it I mean the
d4 is potentially really good here as
well
donation machine hmm
that's like a regular donation machine
so the d4 is fun but I just want to let
you know we're gonna have like infinite
d4 opportunities in the future we'll use
the d4 so much and Isaac you're gonna
become sick of it I don't need to use it
on this Lazarus run but I kind of think
we should do is take deals with the
devils should they exist and then maybe
give ourselves the ability to buy that
HP that's in
err I don't love spending 15 cents on HP
but kind of gotta do what you gotta do
you know no bombs this wave actually is
like not that bad right now a lot of
riffraff but not many of these enemies
really bring the heat too much so
somewhat unconcerned you know the the
little Stephen who's chasing us around
is actually the most annoying and then
the Polly cephalopods or whatever you
would like to call the manipulator
multiplicities formed extremely non
tanky a little annoying with the shots
but otherwise no big deal it's gonna
take us a while but greedy your first
floor like always takes you awhile
unless you start with Polyphemus or
something like that so not sweating it
too much I think little Steven has been
destroyed which means we can focus on
these guys when they pop up speed up our
run quite greatly
[Music]
we're gonna get another two plus two
plus three now there's seven cents takes
us to 29 now it's actually only gonna
take us to 28 because it's six cents so
we'll only be able to buy one item and
it will probably be the HP and then
we'll pick up the key maybe so I think
this is a good chariot opportunity yeah
that felt right okay we can still do
this uh first just gamble your HP away
gave us rosary bead I guess we might as
well try to roll it it's a faith upgrade
it's not gonna be very relevant I
suppose we'll take book of sin and hope
for a red heart or a pill that gives us
red hearts ah dude that's like actually
fantastic obviously we want taro cloth
as well but to get like the maximum
possible use out of this demon judgement
we shouldn't necessarily take it yet
it's a key bagger I mean we do kind of
want to die
on this floor so we can get the damage
multiplier but we could walk into fires
or something and make that happen
regardless probably I'd rather see what
this guy pays out with and unfortunately
it's just caffeine pill with it tears
down crate will take taro cloth devil
cards probably better
then yeah just walk into the fires we
have the same amount of HP it just gives
us the damage up so we'll take that then
we'll take this and we'll head down to
the next floor probably will get a key
but we'll get a key on the next floor
because it could be three cents probably
pretty minor in the whole scheme of
things but this is not that bad I mean
we haven't started very strong selling
weed you know with the first round pick
you know we take Steph Curry it's more
like you know with the number 17 pick in
the NHL draft we take Brendan Saad like
it's it's not an instant generational
talent sort of situation but it's not
that bad
we'd like to buy a bomb could pay for
itself pretty quickly do we want more HP
the honest answer there is not really I
don't like to purchase HP Jacob's Ladder
by the way is fantastic of course but I
don't really like to purchase HP much
prefer to just grab it from the item
rooms and we'll probably have enough of
those showing up to give us a chance but
we could have taken the tower card into
the shop there that might have been for
the best what I am gonna do is with our
newfound electrical damage plus taro
cloth I'm gonna try to beat this whole
wave without having to leave so we can
take advantage of this you know like
seven almost eight actually damage here
but if we can do this I think we're well
on our way to having a successful floor
here and for now we're not even looking
at the long tail you know we're not
thinking about what we're gonna have for
Christmas dinner yet we're thinking
about what we're eating tonight
I don't want to have another dinner of
you know saltine crackers and Kraft
singles overlaid on a single paper plate
appreciate that red heart instead we're
looking to you know maybe dress up a
little bit he does chicken cordon bleu
sorry that's a little too spicy for me
can I just get a glass of milk and
peanut butter sandwich once you get a
little bit more HP we can handle the
capsaicin we're handling this pretty
well though I was gonna say I thought I
saw like a little pin face appear for a
Flickr window equals onload function
parentheses curly braces etc etc so this
is our deal with the devil wave so you
got to be a little cautious if it's a to
hard deal we just can't take it this
went very well okay one devil card per
floor could do a lot of work for us with
Tarot cloth
what do we need above all else like I
mean making our temporary damage
permanent would be swell if we could get
a thank you if we could get a tears
upgrade to compensate for the tears
downgrade that'd be something so I think
we got a like science is not worth it
here we obviously just can't take the
ability to fly at least not yet
I want to try something though take
little horn and then use that I really
wanted that to be an HP upgrade instead
life's looking fairly dangerous we'll
take this HP upgrade don't need a speed
upgrade I don't think we need BFF either
so we basically paid 15 cents for little
horn when you put it that way it doesn't
seem like that bad of a deal as we head
down to the next floor here I don't know
though a little scared it itches dude I
got to look up like what metal plate
does this willful ignorance has gone on
too long and ELLs getting the reputation
he doesn't want to learn no I don't want
a metal plate from lowe's canada metal
plate isaac passive collectible grants
one soul heart enemies shots have a
chance to be deflected as confusion
causing shots that use Isaac's tear
damage and effects okay that's cool does
it also like it infamies those shots as
well I'm hoping at least so are soul
heart don't mind giving it up to go to
that curse room if we have to don't
really want to purchase more HP I'm
drowsy is a great pill actually what
else you got the d1 doubles up
consumable it's not that good not not on
greedier in like the regular game it can
be actually very excellent but I might
be just being uncreated it might be fine
for us here in this situation
but let's try i'm drowsy really like the
theme of this run is getting a lot of
value out of so far at least getting a
lot of value out of these like
one-time-use consumables you know that
said the positive of greedier mode is
that you get this one big room if you
can leverage something that has a one
room only use to maybe buy you a little
time to get traditionally strong that's
pretty cool this is like a strong
tactical decision i'm drowsy is one it's
not quite a chaos card level obviously
but it's one of the best single-use
consumables in the game i think the only
problem is it's usually unidentified
until you actually use it once so you
know you never know that i mean that
would've been a good opportunity to use
the d one maybe but you never know if
it's gonna be I'm drowsy until you use
it for the first time rarely do you get
more than one I'm drowsy pills on the
same run so this must be the exception
well first wave when very simply here
we're still waiting on something like 10
out of 10 items I think I underestimated
little horn it's been doing good work
for us we're gonna keep fighting for now
because it's way way way way too early
for us to leave and have to use our base
damage to kill enemies so it's a red
heart that hopefully we'll never be able
to use but it is the thought that counts
keep in mind we really don't have much
of a reason to donate here in fact I
don't think we have any reason to donate
because we already got our donation
machine in greed the 999 so while the
999 plus we garnered no value from it
we're just gonna keep coasting in here
remember when you used to be able to
gain monstro to occasionally I sleep
into isaac nostalgia used to just be
able to go back and forth like you know
the final track up off of dismemberment
plans 1999 album emergency and i now
they've retweet does AI and i got to be
honest if you put me up against monstro
two's new AI in an IQ test i don't like
my odds that's why i maintain plausible
deniability by just skirting the
challenge to begin with dude is alt if
you put me up against him in the laser
shooting contest he's got me but in
terms of matrix multiplication who knows
all I know is the matrix 2 equals the
matrix 1 multiplied by 0 that's all I
know about matrix multiplication but
valuate that expression it comes out to
be true I promise you that please ok
successfully and successfully handle
this floor I don't think we can take
cambia conception it's just not that
good dark matter is like doing crazy
work for us here from a damage
standpoint though let's head down to the
next floor we're still waiting on stats
here mostly rate of fire damage is
looking good HP we could use a little
bit more and a 3-cent key would be nice
as well and meat is like HP a little bit
of damage because of the damage
multiplier is actually better than I
expected
and there's the moneymaker right there
and that might be a little bit of a
moneymaker by itself as well is a blue
cap for another tears upgrade and then
another tears upgrade I'll summon an
even larger tears upgrade now this is
like beyond acceptable blank room I
think you save this because blank card
is a history of showing up this
way that the Barenaked Ladies Steven
page has a history of taking off his
shirt in the song one week blank art is
a history of showing up we've actually
like raised our damage by a lot since
the last time we fired and doubled our
rate of fire so our dps is like more
than two times greater than it was more
than two times the value that it used to
be I should say you know what's cool
or what would be a cool design space
that I think the game is not explored
yet it's just like they've done a lot
with Isaac in the fact that booster
packs keep coming out as awesome why are
there not more items though that give
you an effect when you use your space
bar item you know like what about a
passive item that gives you trying to
think of a good example here it gives
you like a damage bonus for the room
when you use your space bar item you
know it drops a penny whenever you used
your space bar I was gonna say drop a
heart but then like that cannibalizes a
couple items in the game I don't think
our tear cap has been raised so I don't
really want to buy mr. Dahle yet like
there are other I was just thinking cuz
whenever book of sin gives you a battery
and like feels like a waste of time but
there are items that give you an effect
when you use your space bar items but
all of those items I to the best of my
memory at least are connected to the
charge itself like you know triple-a
battery gives you well that actually
that doesn't give you a charge when the
user at a nine volt gives you a charge
when you use your item use you like one
tick towards getting fully recharged
again
car battery gives you 2 uses whenever
you use your spacebar I mean that's cool
but it's something a little bit more
boring for the you know for the rest of
us here put the people that are into
that sort of stuff gives you a penny
every time you use your spacebar item
you get some broken synergies there you
know if you get like telepathy or
something like that okay maybe that's
the reason they don't want to put it in
the game lord knows if you had enough
money you can buy whatever you wanted
from the shop including like many many
redundant mapping items got I actually
like a hate fighting scolex we're
getting into NL's complaining hour here
but like this boss is too invincible too
frequently the only time especially the
champion version this is the only time
you can get damage done is right there
is this no this is not deal with it's
not deal with the devil wave my favorite
genre of music
so our stats have gotten up there
admittedly that was done admittedly our
stats don't have to be that that good
because we have Jacob's Ladder it's
gonna do a ton of extra work for us
beyond what our you know actual DPS is
but we could really use like a little
bit more than we got
not even HP like this is just I would
love to say that cuz I get a you know
some pleasure out of being critical
about myself as well or at least some
information about it you know I get some
knowledge out of it
I would love to say that I'm playing
like garbage here but to be honest
double cage is just like trash to your
enemies as well not saying I'm innocent
but we'll use the guys will hold blank
yeah we should use on Sue's to see
secret rooms maybe but then take blank
rune with you because I think that we
could fairly easily run into a situation
where we get some relevancy there all we
need is blank card
none of these are worth it none of those
are worth it in my opinion at least hey
I mean you could make a case for batwing
if it comes through in the clutch it's
gonna be big raaah liver might be worth
it if you buy this first and just see
what you get you get one everything on
the house or other thing is blank room
there's a year arune
we now have like eight credit cards and
several batteries let's
okay you're being a little ridiculous
okay I mean it just turned out extremely
well wait two of diamonds credit card
because the thing on the ground is two
of diamonds Oh Lord okay this is pretty
excellent to be honest with you
what is this trinket extension cord
charged friends maybe when our familiars
get hit they generate the charges for us
not that we have any familiars to begin
with
so this is basically how you break greed
mode keep in mind we got several credit
cards it's only credit cards but that's
alright because there's one more two of
diamonds that we can purchase now I mean
we should basically credit card credit
bye bye and then get a rear old
it's a shame we use so many rerolls but
then you know bye wait wait I didn't
yeah I didn't have to purchase those but
it's actually fine you still have two
credit cards left in the ground yeah so
let's like buy it buy it
credit card speeds fine we could take
the HP if we want to get starter deck I
was really hoping that'd be another era
but life goes on alright so I think we
should leave the floor with two credit
cards cuz I don't like these items that
much and I'd rather get stuff for free
like right off the bed
so I mean our stats are a lot better
than they were a little while ago
including HP that was just really lucky
that it was you know blank blank rune
was Yara plus Tarot cloth created a
situation in which we were like
extraordinarily set so keep him eat fine
Guppies head better than book of sin
should have taken hive mind it's a good
lesson to learn and then this guy
it's gonna say don't don't you give me
that two of diamonds again it's too much
okay so with credit card do we want this
wave yeah I mean you get the mark for
free
you gotta check this first though ace of
clubs not that good maybe we didn't have
to check it first but um sure yeah so
credit card take the mark it's decent
take mom's underwear locust of conquest
it's an ace of clubs and a Hanged Man so
I'm gonna need hangman Stephen is a
really nice damage upgrade but we can
also reroll you know what I want to kind
of check in here first we'll lose the
ability to fly but don't mind too much
throw a bomb down here I don't think we
need damage is that okay you know what
that's a new item so I think I should
endeavour to take it so we get Stephen
seven seals why did I think that I've
never seen this item before did they
change the icon or is my brain finally
broken don't answer that
um empress he's decent right so try to
get another reroll here shears is lovely
but we don't need it we could afford to
wait for something a little bit more
fantastic and honestly Holy Light kind
of fits the bill actually Tammy's head
we haven't used it in a little while
even though usually when we get it we
use it forever um I think this could be
a fun set up for us
yeah yeah I can live with this so I
think we've hit that like fairly easy
section of a run where to be fair having
like a great card helps out a lot like
the empress is doing work for us but
we're much much much much stronger than
the enemies were facing right now part
of that is the extra five damage from
the Empress card but like even ignoring
that we're really well equipped to
handle whatever comes our way here I
think we've only got two more floors
this is gonna be probably a successful
run and it didn't always look like it
was gonna be that way so I'm gonna take
some of the credit on this one let's see
what we get in here we already have a
lump of coal but me a second lump of
coal could be could be worse could be
crammed as this head which we're not
gonna touch anyway there's really no
reason to save money
there's also no reason in my opinion at
least to spend money on items that
aren't gonna give us a market
improvement I'd rather save my money for
a chance to get something really nice
instead of just like okay well I mean we
can obviously get like all a damage
upgrade dude okay so we got to think
about this here's what I think you do I
think you credit card to get nine lives
into the ecosystem Sun card is really
useful but I only want to take nine
lives if we can actually become guppy
and I don't see any other guppy items
there yet so we'll hold off on that like
nine lives is good but it also could
potentially ruin this run in fact this
actually like if I want to hit peak
boredom this might be the kind of run
where even if we become Gumby nine lives
it's not the right call but I don't know
if I want to live in a world where you
know mr. Zayn chooses not to become
guppy because while it's powerful it's
dangerous you know you just got to
remember what Uncle Ben said before he
founded that rice company
with great power comes great
responsibility you got a responsibility
to not play like an idiot if we pick up
the gup-e set up here but we need to get
it first so that's essentially what all
this money is for the other thing is
like the Sun gives us full HP so to
leave that is potentially pretty bad but
we got to try anyway so first we get
guppy no we get runes blank rune per
throw you got a let's shoot for the
fences forget the Sun card let's put
ourselves on edge
start with blank rune no okay well we
got Guppies tail you see you see the
problem here though is the fact that
we've now lost the nine lives per throw
get do two free crickets head don't mind
if I do
oh oh oh it's copy and it's got me
without the use of without the use of
nine lives so in the end it actually
ended up being way better but the odds
of that working out we're so low so this
is like word you can't get much better
than this
five rate-of-fire nineteen damaged and
were gummy by the way not just nineteen
damage but nineteen damage plus grape
tear effects Holy Light one of the best
single damage to your effects in my
opinion and then science as well
destroying any enemy who comes in
contact with or rather should we say all
enemies that comes in contact with fear
shot even by itself is sometimes dubious
but if it keeps them away from me then
that's maybe for the best and we become
intimately acquainted with the super
armor mechanic so no matter how good
your run gets here's this games version
of the IRS to say you got to slow your
roll I don't want you to take this HP
please please you're negating so much of
the damage that I've created
I think that here's my problem with
super armor I'm not necessarily saying
it's a bad mechanic but I think it could
be implemented in such a way that it
doesn't make the player feel so
powerless like the way that it feels
right now is that it almost doesn't
matter how good your damages when you
come down to the super greed fighter
ultra-green fight it just feels like you
know if you're doing four damage you're
gonna do three and if you're doing 18
damage you're gonna do four so it's
probably not fair but there's definitely
like a scaling effect you know like
whatever your damage is actually it's
gonna be like 60% lower because of this
maybe 60% is a stretch but either way
we're gonna win and I mean I guess for
reasons we should donate but
now the real question is if we used our
fool card you think we could get out of
here with the win anyway
fighting them again I would rather not
excuse me sir we got hit by an explosion
I think metal plates saved us from
taking that hit anyway he's done we have
no money to donate what happened to our
money we only had six cents to begin
with Plan C has appeared in the basement
I forgot about that garbage hide it
tonight if I have not missed at all
I understand its use but three cents
donated wait wait wait
yeah three cents donated all right good
run though a lot of fun hope you enjoyed
it if you didn't click the like button
upset a great deal of course subscribe
if you wanna see where the future for
now thanks for watching I will see you
next time